Ladies and Gentleman
I would like to welcome you to the OpenHPI-Course
on 'Business Process Modeling and Analysis'.
In this week I will be introducing 'Business Process Management'.
This week has seven lecture videos.
In the first lecture video I will be defining business processes.
The second one is about modeling because our cause is about 'Business Process Modeling and Analysis'.
I would like to expand a little bit on modeling in general and also discuss a little bit of modeling theory.
After that we will be looking at 'Business Process Models' and apply what we learned from modeling theory to process models.
In lecture video 1.4 we will be looking at 'Interacting Business Processes'.
Processes that interact with other business processes.
This topic will be discussed in detail in week six.
In the lecture video 1.5 we look at models and instances.
Each business process model has a number of process instances.
We will be covering these topics.
In 1.6 we look at different levels of 'Process Models'.
And finally, we introduce the 'Business Process Lifecycle' in video 1.7.
So I would like to come back to my introductory video that most of you will have seen.
Maybe some time ago already.
Well, I mentioned that we are all involved in business processes.
As clients we trigger business processes.
And as professionals we participate in business processes.
We had a number of examples on this slide.
And I would like to focus on the submisson of an insurance claim.
So when for instance our bike has been stolen, we fill out an insurance claim.
001 - Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consetetur sadipscing elitr,
002 - sed diam nonumy eirmod tempor invidunt ut labore et dolore magna aliquyam erat, sed diam voluptua.
003 - At vero eos et accusam et justo duo dolores et ea rebum.
004 - Stet clita kasd gubergren, no sea takimata sanctus est Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet.
005 - Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consetetur sadipscing elitr,
006 - sed diam nonumy eirmod tempor invidunt ut labore et dolore magna aliquyam erat, sed diam voluptua.
007 - At vero eos et accusam et justo duo dolores et ea rebum.
008 - Stet clita kasd gubergren, no sea takimata sanctus est Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet.
009 - Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consetetur sadipscing elitr,
010 - sed diam nonumy eirmod tempor invidunt ut labore et dolore magna aliquyam erat, sed diam voluptua.
011 - At vero eos et accusam et justo duo dolores et ea rebum.
012 - Stet clita kasd gubergren, no sea takimata sanctus est Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet.
013 - Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consetetur sadipscing elitr,
014 - sed diam nonumy eirmod tempor invidunt ut labore et dolore magna aliquyam erat, sed diam voluptua.
015 - At vero eos et accusam et justo duo dolores et ea rebum.
016 - Stet clita kasd gubergren, no sea takimata sanctus est Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet.
017 - Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consetetur sadipscing elitr,
018 - sed diam nonumy eirmod tempor invidunt ut labore et dolore magna aliquyam erat, sed diam voluptua.
019 - At vero eos et accusam et justo duo dolores et ea rebum.
020 - Stet clita kasd gubergren, no sea takimata sanctus est Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet.
021 - Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consetetur sadipscing elitr,
022 - sed diam nonumy eirmod tempor invidunt ut labore et dolore magna aliquyam erat, sed diam voluptua.
023 - At vero eos et accusam et justo duo dolores et ea rebum.
024 - Stet clita kasd gubergren, no sea takimata sanctus est Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet.
025 - Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consetetur sadipscing elitr,
026 - sed diam nonumy eirmod tempor invidunt ut labore et dolore magna aliquyam erat, sed diam voluptua.
027 - At vero eos et accusam et justo duo dolores et ea rebum.
028 - Stet clita kasd gubergren, no sea takimata sanctus est Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet.
029 - Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consetetur sadipscing elitr,
030 - sed diam nonumy eirmod tempor invidunt ut labore et dolore magna aliquyam erat, sed diam voluptua.
031 - At vero eos et accusam et justo duo dolores et ea rebum.
032 - Stet clita kasd gubergren, no sea takimata sanctus est Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet.
033 - Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consetetur sadipscing elitr,
034 - sed diam nonumy eirmod tempor invidunt ut labore et dolore magna aliquyam erat, sed diam voluptua.
035 - At vero eos et accusam et justo duo dolores et ea rebum.
036 - Stet clita kasd gubergren, no sea takimata sanctus est Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet.
037 - Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consetetur sadipscing elitr,
038 - sed diam nonumy eirmod tempor invidunt ut labore et dolore magna aliquyam erat, sed diam voluptua.
039 - At vero eos et accusam et justo duo dolores et ea rebum.
040 - Stet clita kasd gubergren, no sea takimata sanctus est Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet.
041 - Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consetetur sadipscing elitr,
042 - sed diam nonumy eirmod tempor invidunt ut labore et dolore magna aliquyam erat, sed diam voluptua.
043 - At vero eos et accusam et justo duo dolores et ea rebum.
044 - Stet clita kasd gubergren, no sea takimata sanctus est Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet.
045 - Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consetetur sadipscing elitr,
046 - sed diam nonumy eirmod tempor invidunt ut labore et dolore magna aliquyam erat, sed diam voluptua.
047 - At vero eos et accusam et justo duo dolores et ea rebum.
048 - Stet clita kasd gubergren, no sea takimata sanctus est Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet.
049 - Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consetetur sadipscing elitr,
050 - sed diam nonumy eirmod tempor invidunt ut labore et dolore magna aliquyam erat, sed diam voluptua.
051 - At vero eos et accusam et justo duo dolores et ea rebum.
052 - Stet clita kasd gubergren, no sea takimata sanctus est Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet.
053 - Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consetetur sadipscing elitr,
054 - sed diam nonumy eirmod tempor invidunt ut labore et dolore magna aliquyam erat, sed diam voluptua.
055 - At vero eos et accusam et justo duo dolores et ea rebum.
056 - Stet clita kasd gubergren, no sea takimata sanctus est Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet.
057 - Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consetetur sadipscing elitr,
058 - sed diam nonumy eirmod tempor invidunt ut labore et dolore magna aliquyam erat, sed diam voluptua.
059 - At vero eos et accusam et justo duo dolores et ea rebum.
060 - Stet clita kasd gubergren, no sea takimata sanctus est Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet.
061 - Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consetetur sadipscing elitr,
062 - sed diam nonumy eirmod tempor invidunt ut labore et dolore magna aliquyam erat, sed diam voluptua.
063 - At vero eos et accusam et justo duo dolores et ea rebum.
064 - Stet clita kasd gubergren, no sea takimata sanctus est Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet.
065 - Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consetetur sadipscing elitr,
066 - sed diam nonumy eirmod tempor invidunt ut labore et dolore magna aliquyam erat, sed diam voluptua.
067 - At vero eos et accusam et justo duo dolores et ea rebum.
068 - Stet clita kasd gubergren, no sea takimata sanctus est Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet.
069 - Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consetetur sadipscing elitr,
070 - sed diam nonumy eirmod tempor invidunt ut labore et dolore magna aliquyam erat, sed diam voluptua.
071 - At vero eos et accusam et justo duo dolores et ea rebum.
072 - Stet clita kasd gubergren, no sea takimata sanctus est Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet.
073 - Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consetetur sadipscing elitr,
074 - sed diam nonumy eirmod tempor invidunt ut labore et dolore magna aliquyam erat, sed diam voluptua.
075 - At vero eos et accusam et justo duo dolores et ea rebum.
076 - Stet clita kasd gubergren, no sea takimata sanctus est Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet.
077 - Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consetetur sadipscing elitr,
078 - sed diam nonumy eirmod tempor invidunt ut labore et dolore magna aliquyam erat, sed diam voluptua.
079 - At vero eos et accusam et justo duo dolores et ea rebum.
080 - Stet clita kasd gubergren, no sea takimata sanctus est Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet.
081 - Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consetetur sadipscing elitr,
082 - sed diam nonumy eirmod tempor invidunt ut labore et dolore magna aliquyam erat, sed diam voluptua.
083 - At vero eos et accusam et justo duo dolores et ea rebum.
084 - Stet clita kasd gubergren, no sea takimata sanctus est Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet.
085 - Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consetetur sadipscing elitr,
086 - sed diam nonumy eirmod tempor invidunt ut labore et dolore magna aliquyam erat, sed diam voluptua.
087 - At vero eos et accusam et justo duo dolores et ea rebum.
088 - Stet clita kasd gubergren, no sea takimata sanctus est Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet.
089 - Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consetetur sadipscing elitr,
090 - sed diam nonumy eirmod tempor invidunt ut labore et dolore magna aliquyam erat, sed diam voluptua.